Export indicators- Symantec ProxySG format bug (#13515)
demisto/content: Packs/ExportIndicators/ReleaseNotes/1_0_10.md

#### Integrations
##### Export Indicators Service

> - Output of **Symantec ProxySG outbound format** changed, URL will not include protocol suffix. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where indicators of Outbound format  *Symantec ProxySG outbound format* included the protocol in the prefix.
```
